Use RDK NMEA parser (#4)
viam-labs/rtk-system: README.md

# rtk-system

## Usage 

> Build a binary named rtk-system with:

Reviewer: Start giving instructions and links on how to configure and use this module now, at this point, and if this repo doesn't have a license file, please add a license file to it.

Author: Sounds good will add the license!

Reviewer: Was the license added?  Also a little bit more explanation ( you can crib from sparkfun and berry's language ) on what the use case is for.

Author: I added the license on main

# rtk-system

This module is experimental.

**Correction-Station-I2C and Correction-Station-Serial**  <br />

> Provides functionaliy to set up a rtk base station to send RTCM correction streams through serial or i2c communication. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides functionality to set up a RTCM base station to send RTCM correction streams through serial or i2c communication connected to a radio or Bluetooth transmitter. 
```

> This can be used for when there is no internet connection or there are no public NTRIP mountpoints nearby.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be used when there is no network connection or there are no public or private NTRIP mount points nearby.
```
